we serve people remembered you from peel
and airy love mom for some reason I'm
dinner Geordie accent lived in a wide
field harbor and the castle from up
ahead
it's true there is more to the island
Rudy be used for the reason its harbor
this is me heading home that did another
video last night proper king of vlog as
I was hacking or the mountain and stuff
I've got some good open Rodin I was
flying to be fair and the group row
didn't record it my hero 3 decided that
it's had enough and wanted to sleep left
when Helen in and it was really kind of
drizzly and I was gonna go up and over
the mountain one last time but by the
time I got there you can just see the
beginning to rain on me so I'll just
come back here sure you peel let's try
here
really really fickle weather at the
moment just beginning to see over onto
the top are the islands were here like a
lot
even though you don't come for the roads
and limited speed limits it's a really
nice place to visit the people here are
really nice
you see the puss when all in the runs
the given orders you go past the big
smile back at it it's very very friendly
Island
who's looking choppy
make fun to sing journey back on the
ferry
there's actually a good chance to get
better over either jump so yeah it's
been great place to visit come on spray
oh you know
a little though their preparation for
this trip I was rare jeans when our a
dar Salam I got some weather proof
overall tape trousers textile mug or
text a perfect gloves one thing I never
chicken tech n was my boots we should
have been waterproofed but you're
absolutely soaked through my first day
here I was paddling have ready when I go
off to get some food in the human form
of food and off the bacon other words
flew straight up to my angle but it's
definitely the love of life fortunately
the room I was thin and read ears turn
them upside down on the radio and just
let them dry overnight Phil tell I'm
here and they were just try in the
morning it's perfect nice and warm spot
as well
I'm fingers numb fingers and sore wrists
gotta be either dive around or Amsterdam
seelix charpy it's gonna make for a fun
trip fortunately over fairly decently
sea legs good nothing to do with the
fishnets let's look
this is the ferry terminal
don't mess with the harbor lady jalar
you suck up nothing done cool so you
need it I bed delaying pot to piss in
something to cook on but what do you
need Hunter wouldn't be at the question
Jesus I things bigger than that Caroline
up and passed me chariot Exorcist true
yeah Chucky
dr. cookie the return dr. of turkey part
3 hellos chair I think they should
rename this thing the TARDIS this is
forever Connor is that it you put hasn't
paid his bills like a bulimic you see
vessel that gets its way through take a
pic your head lays on me lose yourself
in me give me penne arrabiata or you
shall die and you and everyone in this
canteen about hurt people limas exting
Ellen it's been fun if we shall return
again and this life or in the next
ready
what's right this is the Death Star
you're in the Death Star what for the
Cap'n
wojo marketing gear
break up God is living alright well I'm
not clumsy a dollar
that was a void you now oh the kids were
sick hadn't held it had like Boy Scouts
on there as well that way it made for a
funky atmosphere yeah that was really
rough was this the worried about the
mate look at it you can see the spray on
it that was quite a journey certain i'll
take me home i think the thing that
lures the gun trees just room maybe not
not only was the weather so badan
everybody been second ago but it was
pitching so hard that the electrics kept
short now I'm the and the gift shop and
the front by the walk the lates kept
going up and then in the cafe area
fridges and stuff that they go in there
and broke off their mountings and
started tipping forward nearly crushed
some of the crew members
yeah as a raffle entertaining
so back to reality now
don't be a dick
are you ready
look at the dick get some style
beginning
copy let's give fruit mother's own look
at how far you know
why am I here 16 on island is about 21
22 here that's me I'm real way home I'm
switch off now because when i get this
thing off my head too much wound
resistor that number one place yeah wave
to the fans
blowing my
yeah oh yeah and I'm an extra for free